 BUG FIX:
  1. when breakign a breakable wall that is also a removable wall, make sure to remove it from the removable wall list or game
  will crash when trying to remove walls
 
  
  
  File "C:\Users\jtilson\Documents\projects\Kroz\Learning\RLobject.py", line 121, in checkDistance
   distance = abs(math.sqrt(math.pow((player.rect.centerx - self.rect.centerx),2) + math.pow((player.rect.centery - self.rect.centery),2))) / IMGSIZE
   AttributeError: 'MobTile' object has no attribute 'centerx'
   
  

TODO:

  verify all pieces are set up in the game, play thourgh kroz and see 
  
  
 seperate move and checkcollision for mobs, like player.py so that when a generate 
 monster spell goes off the do not appear in walls etc 
 
 2. Make mobs less sensitive to player, only move when in same room, or on trigger spaces

 statues: cause drains life when standing next to it, hard to break, what is the symbol in the maps?
 
 level 13: secret tunnels and monster generator
           ; = hidden breakable wall
           ` = hidden door
 
 level 15: NUMBERS 4-8 are removable walls, need to code thems 
 
 level 17 Bubble creatuires - 3 gems movement after a certain time in room? or after killing some?
          also some of the 4-8 removable walls
 
 level 20: super fast creature - 5 gems
 

 16. sound
  -whip
  -whip through breakable wall
  - mob runs into player blip
  - push stone grating noise
  

 17. splash / animation screens
        title
        death (kind of)
        pit (kind of)
        highscore
 
CLEANUP:

 timers, add delete pause etc.
 
 wait for player to press key to start level  ( maybe can do it the same way with the game over screen?)
 
 Spells: (add effects)
    Freeze Creature (doneish)
    slow creature (done)
    image for teleport trap - DONE
    earthquake (adds bolders)
    invisibility
    activate creature spell
    fast creature spell (done)
    creature zap spell
    more creatures
    
 6. Bottomless Pits
  -splash screen
  -animation
  -play again y / n?
  
 10. Bomb
  - art (cleanup)
  -trigger (done)
  -get breakable walls / items in radius (cleanup)
  -destroy all items / breakables in radius (doublecheck)
  -animation 
  
 12. ancient tablets (need to get the random levels dons so these pan out right)
   'You found an ancient Tablet with writing on it...huge points!');
   1: Flash(6,25,'Remember to experiment with every new object on a level.');
   3: Flash(5,25,'Only use your valuable Teleports for last chance escapes!');
   5: Flash(6,25,'You''re right in the middle of a Lava Flow!  Run for it!');
   7: Flash(10,25,'You''ll need the two keys from the previous level!');
   9: Flash(5,25,'The two chests can be yours if you find the hidden spell!');
   11:Flash(17,25,'You learn from successful failures.');
   13:Flash(4,25,'A Creature Generator exists within this chamber--destroy it!');
   15:Flash(9,25,'By throwing dirt at someone you only lose ground.');
   17:Flash(6,25,'The Bubble Creatures knock off three Gems when touched!');
   19:Flash(3,25,'Be vigilant Adventurer, the Crown is near, but well protected.');
   20:Flash(8,25,'You''ve survived so far, Adventurer.  Can you succeed?');
   
 13. the randomly generated levels
 	2: lvl1 mobs and some randowm whips gems etc
 	4: lvl2 mobs and random stuff
 	6: breakable walls, whips, gems, no mobs
 	8: some whips shit ton of lvl1 mobs
 	10: Mostly lvl 1,2,3 mobs breakable walls, soem whips
 	12:mostly lvl2 mobs
 	14 teleport traps, inviisbilty, breakable walls some lvl3 mobs, a couple question marks
 	16 pits, breakable walls, gold nuggets, lvl1 mobs
 	18 breakable walls, question marks
 	
 14. figure out the differences between mobs, so far i have 3 timers set up, need to at least make them move at different speeds
  lvl1 Mob (A): slower, 1 gem per hit, more view distance
  lvl2 mob (O): faster? 2 gems, lower view distance
  lvl3 Mob (U): faster, 1 gems
  lvl4 Mob ( spade):fast 3 gems
 		

 
 
ENHNACEMENTS:

 Keep track of places of items in the level.txt file, make a temporary level.tmp.txt and move stuff acordingly
 that will allow me to look one position up down left right easier for things like moving walls. ( does this need ot be done?)

 ?Make subsurface of main surface, blit everything to subsurface, copy subsurface, blit copy to main surface.
 had to revert and lost all those changes, hope I can do it again.?
 
 add the 32x32 tiles and figure out how to scroll map
 
        

DONE:


  Lava: remove 10 gems and the lava square, Lava expands (need to add timer and triggers done and done)
  
 3. colleciton of K R O Z letters ( letters added need to make sure they are collected in order, then add 10,000 points for it)
  - list to show which order letters were collected in
  -add 10k points if collected correctly


 make mobs break or remove items when stepping on them 
 
 Whip Power Ring 
 
 the ? (pouch + 25 gems)
 
 
  
 Play again y/n?
 this should reset everything if Y, and end game if N

 9. moving walls
  -get player position
  - get floor spaces near player
  -move walls in (possibly treat them like creatures and move them in a certain radius toward the player.)
 
 
 